Question 1
Which one of the following is common to both machine learning and statistical inference?
Using sample data to infer qualities of the underlying population distribution.

Question 2
Which one of the following describes an approach to customer churn prediction stated in terms of probability?

Predicting a score for individuals that estimates the probability the customer will leave.


Churn prediction is a data-generating process representing the actual joint distribution between our x and the y variable.

3.
Question 3
What is customer lifetime value?

1 point

The total churn generated by a customer over their lifetime.


The total value that the customer receives during their life.


The total purchases over the time which the person is a customer.


The total churn a customer generates in the population.

4.
Question 4
Which one the following statements about the normalized histogram of a variable is true?

1 point

It is a non-parametric representation of the population variance.


It provides an estimate of the variable’s probability distribution. 


It serves as a bar chart for the null hypothesis.


It is a parametric representation of the population distribution.

5.
Question 5
The outcome of rolling a fair die can be modelled as a _______ distribution.

1 point

Poisson


normal


uniform


log-normal

6.
Question 6
Which one of the following features best distinguishes the Bayesian approach to statistics from the Frequentist approach?

1 point

Bayesian statistics is better than Frequentist.


Frequentist statistics incorporates the probability of the hypothesis being true.


Frequentist statistics requires construction of a prior distribution.


Bayesian statistics incorporate the probability of the hypothesis being true.

7.
Question 7
Which of the following best describes what a hypothesis is?

1 point

A hypothesis is a statement about a population.


A hypothesis is a statement about a posterior distribution.


A hypothesis is a statement about a sample of the population.


A hypothesis is a statement about a prior distribution. 

8.
Question 8
A Type 2 error in hypothesis testing is _____________________:

1 point

correctly rejecting the null hypothesis.


correctly rejecting the alternative hypothesis.


incorrectly accepting the alternative hypothesis.


incorrectly accepting the null hypothesis.

9.
Question 9
Which statement best describes a consequence of a type II error in the context of a churn prediction example? Assume that the null hypothesis is that customer churn is due to chance, and that the alternative hypothesis is that customers enrolled for greater than two years will not churn over the next year. 

1 point

You correctly conclude that customer churn is by chance


You correctly conclude that a customer will eventually churn


You incorrectly conclude that there is no effect


You incorrectly conclude that customer churn is by chance

10.
Question 10
Which of the following is a statistic used for hypothesis testing?

1 point

The acceptance region.


The likelihood ratio.


The standard deviation.


The rejection region.

